feat: Implement RDF/JS dataset specification (#392)
rdfjs/N3.js: README.md

 - `[Symbol.iterator]` — Implements the iterator protocol to allow iteration over all `quads` in the dataset as in the example above.

### Addition and deletion of quads

> The store provides the following manipulation methods in addition to implementing the standard [`Dataset` Interface](https://rdf.js.org/dataset-spec/#dataset-interface)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The store implements the following manipulation methods in addition to the standard [`Dataset` Interface](https://rdf.js.org/dataset-spec/#dataset-interface)
```
